hey guys how's it go in the greater
boxer here and today we're doing a
review for you guys of the speck
candyshell satin now this was kindly
sent out to me by specs on a thanks Mike
for sending this out to me for review
and weirdly enough they actually remove
this case from the website but you can
still purchase them from other websites
such as amazon for about twenty-five to
thirty-five dollars depending where you
get but taking a closer look around the
packaging it's pretty much the same
packaging as all the other packaging but
um on the side here we do have some
features and whatnots and on the bottom
we've got candy shell satin for the new
iphone which is the iphone 5 and on the
back here we do have some information
about the case itself and on the bottom
here we do have the spec website if you
want to check their website out please
go ahead and do so so opening the box we
grab the case out and we also do have
the manual in it which let's be honest
no one ever reads so we'll put that to
the side and let's take a closer look at
the case itself now I did receive the
grey and malachite green version of the
case and I believe there is a black on
black version as well as a gray and pink
version of the case they are very very
limited on colors for the speck
candyshell satin for some weird reason
which also brings me to my next negative
point now this next point is pretty
evident with other candy shell speck
cases in the past many owners of the
candy shell range will know what I'm
talking about and this problem has been
going on for quite a while now actually
and I don't know why spec hasn't fixed
this issue but it is the issue of the
rubber lining wearing off as you can see
here after two to three weeks you you
will begin to notice that the case the
rubber lining on the case will stop
peeling off which is kind of weird yet
disappointing for me because I really
really do like spec
spec's cases in particular hopefully
spec will fix this in the near future
anyway moving on here is how you install
the case onto the phone you put in your
phone button side first and then you
kind of just push it down and there you
go pretty easy to install once you get
the hang of it here is a good look at
the case on a white iphone as you can
see here it looks very very nice and I
really do like it i also really do like
the matte finish on the back as you can
see here the buttons are covered and
they do give a really really good
tactile feedback the vibrate switch on
the side has a very big opening as well
as the headphone jack and the USB port
area the charting area or other speaker
grills have a perforated area so that
sound can travel in and out easily now
despite the rubber lining peeling off
after a few weeks overall this case is
one of my favorites as it provides a lot
of protection with its combination of
plastic and rubber without adding too
much bulk like the otterbox does and
also because i prefer matte finish cases
over glossy ones that is all for me guys
I hope you enjoyed this video I just
quickly want to thank you guys for
allowing my channel to reach 3000
subscribers this is another big
milestone for me so thank you so so much
there will also be a giveaway coming up
to celebrate this milestone so please do
subscribe do all that fun stuff and I'll
see you guys are the next one bye